How do I create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes?
When creating a quiz, you can create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes. Hot Spot questions allow teachers to upload images and have their students identify a specific area in that image.

The following image types can be used for Hot Spot questions:

* BMP
* GIF
* JPG/JPEG
* PNG

You can also duplicate Hot Spot questions to create a new question.

Notes:

* Hot spot questions are not accessible for users who require keyboard-only access or screen readers.
* You can use keyboard shortcuts to move, resize, and manage multiple Hot Spot shapes. To view the list of Hot Spot Controls and Shortcuts while creating the quiz, press the I key. To close it, press the Esc or C key. Make sure that no input field is selected to use these controls and shortcuts.



00:07: How do I create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes?

00:10: To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.

00:15: Add Hot Spot Question.

00:18: In the Question Title field, add a question title. Question titles

00:22: are optional and are not visible to students.

00:26: In the Question Stem field, add the question stem. The question

00:30: stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and

00:34: information. You can use the Rich Content Editor or the HTML

00:38: view to format and add content to your question stem.

00:42: To upload an image for the hotspot question, drag and drop the image.

00:46: You can also select a file by clicking the browse link or pressing

00:50: the b key.

00:52: You can use one of three shapes to draw the hotspot square, circle and

00:56: polygon.

00:58: Additionally you can Define multiple correct hotspot areas and select multiple

01:03: areas for Hotspot quiz questions created before this change,

01:07: can also be edited to support multiple hotspots to delete a

01:11: hotspot and create a new one. Click a shape tool or the image, you can

01:15: also press the backspace or delete key, then create a new hotspot.

01:20: To create a square or Circle, hotspot, click the shape, then, drag the shape

01:25: over the hotspot, to complete the shape, click your mouse.

01:28: Alternatively, you can press the r key square or o,

01:32: key oval Circle, and use the following hotspot controls to move the hotspot.

01:36: Use the arrow keys to resize.

01:38: The hotspot press shift, and use the arrow keys to shrink the hotspot.

01:43: Press shift + alt on a PC keyboard or alt + option on

01:47: a Mac keyboard and use the arrow keys.

01:49: To create a polygon? Hotspot, click the polygon shape.

01:53: Click the image, then drag the tool around the image to create each side of the

01:57: polygon to end. One side of the polygon, click your mouse to

02:02: close the hotspot area. Double click your mouse.

02:04: At any time, you can also use the following keyboard shortcuts to

02:09: draw a polygon. Hotspot, press the P key to add a polygon

02:13: Point, press the enter key to close the polygon.

02:16: Hotspot, press the E key to move, resize or Shrink

02:20: the polygon use the following hotspot controls move, use the arrow keys,

02:25: resize press shift, and use the arrow keys.

02:28: Shrink press shift, alt on a PC keyboard or alt + option

02:32: on a Mac keyboard and use the arrow keys.

02:36: To expand the image. When creating a hotspot, click the expand icon

02:40: or press the F key.

02:43: From the expanded view, you can use any shape to create a hotspot to

02:47: save the hotspot, click the done button to return to the quiz.

02:51: Question, click the close icon.

02:54: To return to the quiz question, click the Close icon.

02:58: To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question.

03:01: Click the show on screen calculator, checkbox?

03:05: If you select this option, you can enable a basic calculator or scientific

03:10: calculator. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic

03:14: math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The

03:18: scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.

03:24: To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes

03:29: section.

03:30: If you want to save a question to use in other quizzes, you can add it to an item

03:35: bank. To add the question to an item bank,

03:38: click the Add to Bank link.

03:41: To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field

03:45: or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value.

03:49: To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon.

03:54: To save the question, click the Done button.

03:57: This guide covered how to create a Hot Spot question in New Quizzes.

Add Question


To create a question, click the Add button anywhere in the quiz.

Add Hot Spot Question

Click the Add Hot Spot button.

Add Question Title and Stem


In the Question Title field [1], add a question title. Question titles are optional and are not visible to students.

In the Question Stem field [2], add the question stem. The question stem contains the question and, if necessary, additional instructions and information. You can use the Rich Content Editor or the HTML view to format and add content to your question stem.

Upload Image

To upload an image for the Hot Spot question, drag and drop the image [1]. You can also select a file by clicking the Browse link [2] or pressing the B key.

Draw Hot Spot


You can use one of three shapes to draw the Hot Spot: square [1], circle [2], and polygon [3]. Additionally, you can define multiple correct Hot Spot areas and select multiple areas for Hot Spot quiz questions [4]. Questions created before this change can also be edited to support multiple Hot Spots.

To delete a Hot Spot and create a new one, click a shape tool or the image. You can also press the Backspace or Delete key, then draw a new Hot Spot shape.

Notes:

* Auto-grading will assess the students' selections based on the predefined correct answers.
* This feature supports regrading functionality.
* Students' response attempts are limited to the number of Hot Spots you set.

Use Square or Circle Tool

To create a square or circle Hot Spot, click the shape [1] then drag the shape over the Hot Spot [2]. To complete the shape, click your mouse.

Alternatively, you can press the R key (square) or O key (oval/circle) and use the following Hot Spot Controls:

* To move the Hot Spot, use the Arrow keys.
* To resize the Hot Spot, press Shift and use the Arrow keys.
* To shrink the Hot Spot, press Shift+Alt (on a PC keyboard) or Alt+Option (on a Mac keyboard) and use the Arrow keys.

Use Polygon Tool


To create a polygon Hot Spot, click the polygon shape [1]. Click the image then drag the tool around the image to create each side of the polygon [2]. To end one side of the polygon, click your mouse. To close the Hot Spot area, double-click your mouse at any time.

You can also use the following keyboard shortcuts:

* To draw a Polygon Hot Spot, press the P key.
* To add a Polygon Point, press the Enter key.
* To close the Polygon Hot Spot, press the E key.

To move, resize, or shrink the polygon, use the following Hot Spot controls:

* Move: Use the Arrow keys.
* Resize: Press Shift and use the Arrow keys.
* Shrink: Press Shift+Alt (on a PC keyboard) or Alt+Option (on a Mac keyboard) and use the Arrow keys.

Expand Image

To expand the image when creating a Hot Spot, click the Expand icon or press the F key.


From the expanded view, you can use any shape to create a Hot Spot [1]. To save the Hot Spot, click the Done button [2]. To return to the quiz question, click the Close icon [3].

Set Options

To allow students to use an on-screen calculator for this question, click the Show on-screen calculator checkbox [1].

If you select this option, you can choose either a basic calculator [2] or a scientific calculator [3]. The basic calculator displays numbers and basic math functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The scientific calculator displays more options for advanced calculations.

Notes:

* The on-screen calculator option is intended to be used while displaying one question at a time. If the quiz does not display one question at a time, students may be able to use the calculator for all questions.
* If enabled at both the individual question level and in the Quiz Settings, the on-screen calculator will display within the question instead of at the top of the page.

Align to Outcome


To align the question to an outcome, click anywhere in the Align to Outcomes section.

Add to Item Bank

To add the question to an item bank, click the Add to Bank link.

Note: After a question has been added to an item bank, it can only be edited in the item bank. You can still set unique point values and options in the quiz for an item bank question.

Add Point Value and Feedback


To customize the point value for the question, type the point value in the Points field [1] or use the arrows to increase or decrease the point value [2].

To leave feedback for students, click the Feedback icon [3].

Save Question

To save the question, click the Done button.
